[WIP][ADYENPLAT-31] updated readme (#6)
vtex-apps/adyen-platforms: docs/README.md

⚠️ Before you can use the Adyen Platforms app, the [Adyen Payment connector](https://github.com/vtex-apps/connector-adyen) must be installed and configured in you VTEX account.

### Contacting Adyen

> Users must first contact Adyen to get their Adyen for Platforms set up. You will know when Adyen for Platforms is setup when a merchant account has the Platform tab on the sidebar. [Adyen for Platforms Quick Start Guide](https://docs.adyen.com/platforms/quick-start)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users must first contact Adyen to get their account enabled to use Adyen for Platforms. To check if Adyen for Platforms is activated, look for the presence of a `Platform` tab in the Adyen merchant account admin sidebar. Further information: [Adyen for Platforms Quick Start Guide](https://docs.adyen.com/platforms/quick-start)
```

### Installing the App

1. Install this app in the desired account using the CLI command `vtex install vtex.adyen-platforms`.

> 2. In your admin sidebar, select `Adyen for Platforms` under the **Marketplace** section.

Reviewer: Let's recommend using the admin search function here

Author: This platform sidebar tab is in Adyen's own admin panel, not our app panel

Reviewer: But this step is talking about navigating to the VTEX Adyen admin panel to enter the app settings

3. Select the `Settings` tab:

>    - Enter your Platform API credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Enter your Platform API credentials. To find them:
```

      - Switch from `Company` account to `Merchant` account
      - Under the **Developers** menu, select `API credentials`
      - Select the username that follows this format `ws\_[123456]@MarketPlace.[YourPlatformAccount]`, if there is no username in that format, see **Creating New Web Service User**
      - Use `Generate New API Key` to create a new key for Adyen and store it somewhere safe. This can be regenerated if lost
   - Enter your production Adyen for Platforms API endpoint. For testing, you can enter the test endpoint: `https://cal-test.adyen.com/cal/services`. This is also found under the **Developers** menu in your Adyen account.
   - Enter the URL sub-merchants will be directed to when they complete their onboarding. This is optional, see the Onboarding section for details on this process.

### Managing Seller Accounts

The Sellers tab in the Adyen for Platforms menu in your VTEX admin will display all Seller accounts in your VTEX marketplace.
- Users can `Create Adyen Account` for specific sellers
  1. Enter the Adyen Account Holder Code
      - Ensure you're on Adyen's `Merchant` account in Adyen's website

>       - Under the `Platform` tab, select `Sub-merchants`. Select the desired `Adyen Account Holder Code`

Reviewer: Is this accurate? I thought users could enter whatever account holder code they wanted, and then AFTER submitting, it would show up in the Sub-Merchants list inside Adyen

Author: That's right. I'll correct it.

⚠️ Before you can use the Adyen Platforms app, the [Adyen Payment connector](https://github.com/vtex-apps/connector-adyen) must be installed and configured in you VTEX account.

### Contacting Adyen

Users must first contact Adyen to get their account enabled to use Adyen for Platforms. To check if Adyen for Platforms is activated, look for the presence of a `Platform` tab in the Adyen merchant account admin sidebar. Further information: [Adyen for Platforms Quick Start Guide](https://docs.adyen.com/platforms/quick-start)

### Installing the App

1. Install this app in the desired account using the CLI command `vtex install vtex.adyen-platforms`.
2. In your admin sidebar, select `Adyen for Platforms` under the **Marketplace** section.
3. Select the `Settings` tab:

>    - Enter your Platform API credentials. To find them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Enter your Platform API credentials. To find them, log in to Adyen's admin interface and do the following:
```

      - Switch from `Company` account to `Merchant` account
      - Under the **Developers** menu, select `API credentials`
      - Select the username that follows this format `ws\_[123456]@MarketPlace.[YourPlatformAccount]`, if there is no username in that format, see **Creating New Web Service User**
      - Use `Generate New API Key` to create a new key for Adyen and store it somewhere safe. This can be regenerated if lost
   - Enter your production Adyen for Platforms API endpoint. For testing, you can enter the test endpoint: `https://cal-test.adyen.com/cal/services`. This is also found under the **Developers** menu in your Adyen account.
   - Enter the URL sub-merchants will be directed to when they complete their onboarding. This is optional, see the Onboarding section for details on this process.

### Managing Seller Accounts

The Sellers tab in the Adyen for Platforms menu in your VTEX admin will display all Seller accounts in your VTEX marketplace.
- Users can `Create Adyen Account` for specific sellers

>   1. Enter an unused Adyen Account Holder Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Enter a unique Adyen Account Holder Code (this can be the seller account name within VTEX or another string of your choosing)
```

>       - Note: To See Used Adyen Account Holder Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Note: To see any Adyen Account Holder Codes that are already in use:
```
